The client for the projects I worked on was a company that wanted a system created called "DriverPass". The system was going to allow students to log in and sign up for classes to take either in person or online. If the class was online, it would be done through a portal that we would create. The system would also allow the students to pay for these classes. The system would allow teachers to log in and manage classes. The system would allow admins to view any issues with students logging in. The system would allow the "secretary" to assign students to classes/teachers once registered. 

I personally believe my UML activity diagram was a great display of how students could log in and sign up for classes. I think the chart accurately depicts a rough idea of how students can obtain a class and pay for it. It is a great visual for a non-technical client who can see a basic process of how a system will work in the end. 

One thing I did want to revise would be the USE Case diagram I created. I think if I had a chance to go over it again, I could provide a better example of every actor and their roles. Another item I would like to revisit would be the Gantt Chart. I think I did a good job of getting information on the chart, but could color code better and have roles for each color rather than random colors to break up the chart. 

When interpreting the user's needs, I go over everything that was in the transcript to make sure I had covered it all properly. As I was going over it, I made note of anything I saw that would be a necessity in the design, then broke it up into bits. It's important to consider the needs of the user as they will be the ones using it the most. You want to make sure you think in the shoes of a user as you create programs because they will be the ones using it, not the ones coding it. 

Approaching software design to me would begin with communication. I think having everything you need in front of you is important first, then you can break it up into necessities and timelines. Getting all of the information takes precedence to me personally. Future strategies for analyzing and designing a system could be proper communication, making sure a schedule is set and there is room for everything to be completed, proper drafting of systems, and making sure the end-user is going to have everything they need to accomplish what they came to the system to do. 
